If you multiply a square number by 9, you get a square number. Is this statement
How much bigger is 3/8 than 1/3? 
Which calculation is equal to negative 20? 
Which number belongs in the box? 
ABCD is a trapezium where AB is parallel to CD. Angle ABC is a right angle. Which sketch below is correctly marked? 
The area of this parallelogram is 96 cm2, what is the value of m? 
Tom says: 7 times parantheses (2 plus 3) = 7 times 2 plus 3. Katie says: 7 times parantheses (2 plus 3) = 7 times 2 plus 7 times 3. Who is correct? 
Here is the completed Venn diagram. What calculation works out the highest common factor of 36 and 90?
If you can connect dots to draw a regular hexagon in a ring of equally spaced dots, which other regular shape can you definitely draw?
What is the area of the parallelogram? 
What is the equation of this line of symmetry? 
What belongs in the boxes? 
Tom and Katie are arguing about triangles. Tom says a triangle can have two right angles. Katie says only a scalene triangle can have a right angle. Who is correct? 
What is the area of this shape? 
What is the size of the missing angle, k, on the larger triangle? 
What sign would make this statement true? 
A common multiple of 4 and 6 is?
This triangle is reflected in the line y = x. Which point is a reflection of the red point?
Negative 12 times negative 9 = 2 times negative 6 times negative 9 is? 
How would this calculation be written? 
How many lines of symmetry does this shape have? 
A group of 8 friends share £6 equally. What fraction of the money do they each get? 
Which numbers belong in the gaps? 
What is the area of this compound shape made with rectangles? 
Which calculation is incorrect? 
Problem 1: A box contains 10 crystals. Another box has 12 more crystals. How many crystals are there in total? Problem 2: A box contains 10 crystals. Another box has 12 times as many crystals. How many crystals are there in total? Which of these problems needs multiplication to solve it? 
5 hours plus 500 minutes =?
1 divided by 3 times negative 9 =?
If 15 is a common factor of the numbers M and N, then 5 is also a common factor of the numbers of M and N. Is this statement
Negative 12 divided by negative 3 = 
Tom and Katie are talking about different ways of writing the expression on the right. Tom says you could write it as 2 times 4g plus 10. Katie says you could write it as 8 times g plus 5. Who is correct? 
Negative 4 times negative 2 equals. 
What should replace the question mark? 
Written as a decimal, what number is the arrow pointing to? 
Negative 3 to the power of 3 equals. 
What is the highest common factor of 6, 9 and 18? 
Tom and Katie are trying to work out an expression for the area of the whole triangle. Tom says you can do pr divided by 2 plus qr divided by 2. Katie says you can do p plus q times r divided by 2. Who is correct? 
Problem 1: A bucket contains 423 red balls and 549 blue balls. How many balls are there in total? Problem 2: A bucket contains 423 red balls and 549 blue balls. How many more blue balls than red balls are there? Which of these problems needs multiplication to solve it? 
Tom and Katie are arguing about creating inequalities using the diagram on the right. Tom says 5g is greater than 4p. Katie says 5g is less than 7r. Who is correct? 
Which angle is corresponding to angle p?
Think of a number then subtract 5 next divide by 8 next add 4 and finally multiply by 7. Jo says you can write this as 7 times n minus 5 divided by 8 plus 4. Paul says you can write this as 7 times n minus 5 divided by 8 plus 4. Who is correct? 
Which length do you not need when calculating the area of the parallelogram? 
Four ninths of a litre of paint can cover 1 square meter. What area can 4 litres of paint cover? 
Which of these is not a factor of 36? 
Jo and Paul are arguing about the diagram on the right. Jo says it shows p plus q is less than 90. Paul says it shows p equals q. Who is correct? 
Which number is 5 greater than negative 2.6? 
Tom and Katie are trying to write calculations based on the diagram on the left. Tom says double negative six is negative twelve. Two times negative six equals negative twelve. Katie says one half of negative twelve is negative six. Negative twelve divided by 2 equals negative six. Whose calculation is correct? 
What is the size of angle n? 
Point A is reflected in the line y equals 4. What are the coordinates of the new point? 
Tom and Katie are arguing about angle relationships on parallel lines. Tom says allied co interior angles are equal. Katie says corresponding angles are equal. Who is correct?
Tom and Katie are arguing about negative 5 and 3. Tom says negative 5 is greater than 3. Katie says the absolute value of negative 5 is greater than the absolute value of 3. Who is correct? 
Here is the first shape in a sequence. Here is the fourth shape. Which of the following expressions would correctly give the number of dots in the nth shape in the sequence? 
In which region does 6 belong? 
Amal is trying to work out the answer to 88 times 15. Lines 1 and 2 of her working out are shown. Which of the following possible next steps would help to make this calculation easier? 
Jo and Paul are talking about equations they can write based on the equation on the right. Jo says you could write 4c minus 12 equals d minus 4. Paul says you could write 12c equals 4d. Who is correct? 
This is a number from the Mayan number system. What number is it? 
If these two dashed lines are parallel what size must angle q be? 
a equals 0.6 and b equals 0.4. What is the value of ab? 
What fraction of a full circle is a 150 degree sector? 
The shaded numbers on this grid are the multiples of.
Tom and Katie are arguing about powers. Tom says 2 to the power of 6 equals 4 to the power of 3. Katie says 2 to the power of 6 equals 8 to the power of 2. Who is correct? 
a equals 0.4 and b equals 0.3. What is the value of ab squared?
The blue shape is rotated 90 degrees clockwise about 3 comma 0. Which shape gives the correct answer? 
Points P, Q and R are equally spaced along the line segment as shown in the sketch. The coordinates of P and R are marked on the diagram. What are the coordinates of Q? 
How many pairs of parallel sides does this shape have? 
Which of these is not a factor of 18? 
Tom and Katie are arguing about how to calculate the total sum of interior angles in this trapezium. Tom says the total is 360 degrees because it is a quadrilateral. Katie says a triangle totals 180 degrees and a quadrilateral totals 360 degrees so the total is 540 degrees. Who is correct? 
Shape P is rotated 180 degrees through the origin. Where will the red point be on the rotated shape? 
Jo and Paul are arguing about powers. Jo says there is no value of m that means 3 to the power of m is even. Paul says there is no value of n that means 4 to the power of n ends in 0. Who is correct? 
2 plus 10 times 3 divided by 4 equals.
Shape P is rotated 180 degrees through the origin. Where will the red point be on the rotated shape? 
1 divided by 3 times negative 6 =? 
This is a number from the Mayan number system. What number is it? 
Calculate 1/5 divided by 2
What is the area of this shape? 
If 9 is a factor of a number, then another factor of that number must be...
Which of the following statements is true when n = negative 2? 
Tom and Katie are arguing about how to count the number of dots in a Pattern 20. Tom does 4 times 20 plus 2. Katies does 4 times (20 plus 2) minus 6. Who is correct? 
What image completes a symmetric figure on the Geo board? 
What number is 2 greater than negative 1.6? 
Which of the following two calculations are represented by the arrow above? 
Work out 5/12 minus 1/4
Which expression should replace the star in the addition pyramid?
Tom and Katie are arguing about the size of the marked angle. tom says it is 150 degrees. Katie says it is 210 degrees. Who is correct? 
Tom and Katie are arguing about alternate angles. Tom says angles p and q are alternate. Katie says angles p and q are equal. Who is correct? 
ABC is a trapezium where AB is parallel to CD. For which of the diagrams can you conclude that Angle ABC is equal to Angle BAD?
In which region does 72 belong? 
After their evening meal, Jack and Becky both look at their watches. Jack says the time is 7:45 pm. becky says the time is 06:45. Who is correct?
Common multiples of 2 and 5 are also multiples of 25. Is this statement...
How many degrees are there in three-quarters of a turn? 
ab star a plus b. What symbol should replace the star?
5a minus 2b =?
Which of the following calculations would correctly work out the area of the shaded section? 
Which calculation could the following diagram represent an efficient way of doing?
Jo and Paul are arguing about unique triangles. Jo says you can construct only one triangle when you know the lengths of all three sides. Paul says you can construct only one triangle when you know the values of all three angles. Who is correct?
Construct the following triangle. Measure Angle ACB. What is its value? 
What is 4 written as a fraction?
Using the key on the right, which of the following expressions would give you the longest length? 
What is teh lowest common multiple of 12 and 15? 
Which of the following fractions is the arrow pointing to? 
This is the first row of a factor tree. What number should replace the question mark? 
Tom and Katie are arguing about this ring of 12 equally spaced dots. Tom says you can connect dots to make a regular octagon. Who is correct?
What number should replace the heart in the Venn diagram?
Parentheses (negative 3) times parentheses (negative 1) =?
What number should replace the star in the Venn diagram?
What is the size of angle p?
Tom and Katie are talking about angle relationships. Tom says vertically opposite angles are equal. Katie says for parallel lines, alternate angles are equal. Who is correct? 
If each square on the grid is 1/4 cm by 1/4cm, what is the area of the triangle? 
Which of these fractions could not be placed between the fractions marked on the number line?
What is the area of the rectangle marked P?
The line segment is one side of a square. Jo says a vertex of teh square could be parentheses (-2, 4). Pauls says a vertex of the square could be parentheses (1,5). Who is correct?
What are the two missing numbers?
If each square on teh grid is 1/5 cm by 1/5 cm, what is the area of the triangle? 
Work out 7/15 minus 2/5. 
What is a third of a seventh? 
2/7 times ? = 1
If these two dashed lines are parallel, what size must angle q be?
What is the width of each of the intervals on the number line?
Using the diagram, which of the following correctly completes the inequality: 8w < ...
What symbol should replace the star? (Given a = 4 and b = 3) Expression: a^b star b^a
What symbol should replace the star? (Given a = 1 and b = 4) Expression: (negative a)^b star negative b^a
How many times does 3/5 go into 15?
What symbol should replace the star? (Given a = 1 and b = 4) Expression: a minus b star b minus a
What symbol should replace the star? (Given a = 1 and b = 4) Expression: 4a/b star b/a
Jo and Paul are arguing about the best way to count the number of squares in Pattern 15. Jo does: 15 times 3 plus 4. Paul does: (15 plus 2) times 3 minus 4. Who is correct?
What is the perimeter of this shape?
If A = 2^3 × 3^3 × 5^2, then 10A expressed as a product of its primes is ...
1/20 of 7 = ? × 7
(6/7)² = ?
Harvey has three cards with numbers written on them. "I have a cube number, a prime number and a multiple of 9." Which set of numbers could Harvey have?
Line segment P joins up (1, 1) and (3, 6). Line segment Q joins up (3, 1) and (7, 3). Which line segment is longer?
The fractions in the two circles below add to give the fraction in the circle above. What should replace the question mark? (Given 3/5 above and 2/7 in one circle) 
Without measuring, what can you say about the area of this shape?
3, 9, 18. These are some of the factors of...
Which of the following calculations is represented on the thermometer? -3 + 9 = 6 3 + 6 = 9 6 + 9 = -3 -3 + 6 = 9
What can you say about the areas of the two squares? (One blue square and one red diamond-shaped square shown on a grid)
Eliza has used two-fifths of her train track set to build a circuit. This used 40 pieces of track. How many pieces are in Eliza's train track set altogether? Which of the following calculations would give the correct answer to this problem?
Jo and Paul are trying to draw shapes with perimeter 4(p + q) Jo draws: [shape shown] Paul draws: [shape shown]Side lengths shown as p and q. Who is correct?
3n + 4n =
What is 3/8 as a decimal?
What should replace the question mark? (Showing a bar divided into sections with fraction 2/3 marked and total length to be determined)
Jo and Paul are arguing about prime factors. Jo says 1 is a prime factor of 24. Paul says 2 is a prime factor of 24. Who is correct?
Tom and Katie are arguing about statements that can be made about the equation on the right: x = y - 4. Tom says this is always true: 2x > y - 4. Katie says this is always true: x > y - 5. Who is correct?
The sum of two bricks is equal to the brick above. What number should replace the star? (Shows bricks with numbers 1 and -5 below) [Shows a grid pattern] = 1/4 of ...
Shape equals 1/4 of ...
Jo and Paul are trying to write different calculations for the diagram on the left. Jo writes: 4 × (-5) = -20. Paul writes: (-20)/-4 = -5. Who is correct?
Jo and Paul are talking about constructing triangles. Jo says you need 2 side lengths in order to construct a triangle. Paul says you need a protractor to construct a triangle. Who is correct?
Jo and Paul are discussing 3^2 × 4^2 Jo says 3^2 × 4^2 = 12^2. Paul says 3^2 × 4^2 = 12^2.Who is correct?
4 + 1 < p. Using the diagram on the right, is the expression above...[Diagram shows two blocks labeled 4 and p]
Tom and Katie are arguing about multiplication and division. Tom says when you multiply a whole number by a positive fraction smaller than 1, the answer is always smaller than the original whole number. Katie says when you divide a whole number by a positive fraction smaller than 1, the answer is always bigger than the original whole number. Who is correct?
Which expression should replace the star in the addition pyramid? 
Jo and Paul are talking about how to transform shape P to shape Q. Jo says you can do it using a single translation. Paul says you can do it using two reflections. Who is correct? 
Tom and Katie are arguing about the best way to count the number of dots in a Pattern 15. Tom does: 15 × 4 + 2, Katie does: (15 + 2) × 4 - 6. Who is correct? 
Convert 2(1/5) to an improper fraction. 
In which region does 69 belong? [Venn diagram showing multiples of 6 and multiples of 9]
This is an isosceles triangle. Calculate the size of angle p. [Shows triangle with 56° angle marked] 
What is the area of this shape? [Shows shape on grid] 
Tom and Katie are arguing about the factors of 9. Tom says 1 is a factor of 9, Katie says 9 is a factor of 9. Who is correct? 
(-2)^4 = ? 
p - 4 < 1, Using the diagram on the right, is the expression above... [Shows diagram with blocks marked 4 and p]
2g + 3r equals Using the diagram which of the following correctly completes the equation above
1 plus negative 2 times 5 equals
What is the equation of this line of symmetry
Which of these is not a factor of 60
Tom and Katie are arguing about subtracting fractions Tom writes nine over thirteen minus nine over five equals nine over eight Katie writes nine over thirteen minus five over thirteen equals four over thirteen Who is correct
Is the following statement always true sometimes true or never true One more than a multiple of three is a multiple of four
Jo and Paul are arguing about how to solve this problem one over four times one over three cubed Jo says a correct step in the solution is this one over four times one over twenty seven Paul says a correct step in the solution is this one over twelve cubed Who is correct
Here are three vertices of a rectangle zero three four negative one two negative three What are the coordinates of the fourth vertex
This is the first row of a factor tree What number should replace the question mark
Which of the following numbers could replace the shapes?
Using the key on the right, which of the following expressions give the perimeter of this shape? [Shape and key with p and q lengths shown] 
Which angle is corresponding to angle p? [Diagram with parallel lines and angles marked] 
Tara has designed her own flag. The purple section has two pairs of parallel sides. What's the area of the purple section? [Flag shown with dimensions 12cm x 6cm] 
Jane has a quarter of a 6 litre bottle of lemonade. She pours all of it into an empty 4 litre tub. What fraction of the tub now has lemonade in it? 
Here are 3 vertices of a rectangle: (-6,-2), (-3,2), (0,0), What are the coordinates of the 4th vertex?
The perimeter of this isosceles triangle is 4/5. Find the length of the side labelled with an x. [Triangle shown with one side 1/3]
Describe the movements to get from point V to point W. [Grid shown with points V and W marked]
-5 × 4 = -12 - [Equation with missing number in box]
What number belongs in the box? [Box] + 6 = 4
3/5 × ? = 1/2
One-third times three equals
Shape P is rotated one hundred eighty degrees through the origin Where will the red point be on the rotated shape
Jasmine goes to holiday club which starts at nine forty-five am The club finishes at four pm How many hours does she spend at club
Which of the following calculations would correctly work out the difference between the temperature at one pm on Monday and the temperature at one am on Thursday
What symbol should replace the star
Which symbols make the following statement correct negative two blank negative nine blank negative five
Negative point two divided by negative one-half equals
Seven times twelve equals thirty-two plus fifty-two Four times seven times twelve equals star What should replace the star to preserve equality
Tom and Katie are arguing about a number which has been expressed in the following way three to the power four times five to the power two times seven to the power two Tom says three is a factor of the number Katie says nine is a factor of the number Who is correct
Here is the completed Venn diagram What calculation works out the highest common factor of sixty-six and sixty
Which of the following numbers is a factor of sixty and a multiple of six
Tom and Katie are arguing about how to reflect the object in the line of reflection Who reflects it correctly
Tom and Katie are arguing about multiplication and division Tom says when you multiply the answer is always bigger than what you started with Katie says when you divide the answer is always smaller than what you started with Who is correct
Tom and Katie are arguing about different ways of writing the expression on the right twelve g plus twenty Tom says you could write it as two times six g plus ten Katie says you could write it as four times three g plus five Who is correct
Which combination of mathematical instruments has been used to construct this triangle with lengths shown
Five times negative four equals
Which of the following symbols should replace the star in terms of length five p star q plus r
Which of the following is an example of associativity
Tom and Katie are trying to calculate the answer to twenty-nine times eight Tom does this thirty times eight minus one times eight Katie does this twenty-nine times two times two times two Who is correct
John’s flat is on floor four The gym is on floor negative one How many floors does John need to go down to get from his flat to the gym
What is an expression for the perimeter of this rectangle? [Rectangle shown with width b and length a]
Which angle is alternate to angle p? [Diagram showing intersecting lines with angles marked]
After lunch, Julie and Kate both look at their watches. Julie says the time is "twelve thirty", Kate says the time is 13:30. Who is correct?
What is the perimeter of this compound shape made with rectangles? [L-shaped figure shown with dimensions 3cm, 4cm, 7cm, 10cm]
Which set of coordinates is not on the perimeter of the rectangle? [Grid shown with purple rectangle]
What does the vector (-5 2) mean?
Jo and Paul are talking about creating equations using the diagram on the right. Jo says: 3(2w + r) = 4g Paul says: 2(p + 2w) = 4g Who is correct?
What is the size of angle y?
A group of 7 friends shares 3 chocolate bars equally. What fraction of a bar do they each get?
Which statement about the temperatures −5°C and 2°C is true?
Using the diagram on the right is the expression above always true sometimes true never true or need more information
A common factor of eight and twenty is
What word do we use to describe the relationship seven times nine equals five times nine plus two times nine
If twelve is a factor of a number then another factor of that number must be
Tom and Katie are arguing about the diagram on the right Tom says it shows p plus q is less than three hundred sixty degrees Katie says it shows p plus q equals two hundred seventy degrees Who is correct
Which of the following triangles does not have the same area as the others
Which of the following is the best estimate of the size of this angle
Using the diagram on the right is the expression above always true sometimes true never true or need more information
Jo and Paul are arguing about quadrilaterals Jo says a rectangle always has diagonals of equal length Paul says a parallelogram always has diagonals of equal length Who is correct
Which of the following symbols should go in the box so that the number sentence is correct three squared plus negative sixteen box negative five squared
Eighteen over thirty equals
This triangle is reflected in the line y equals x Which point is a reflection of the red point
Order the times from longest to shortest
Write sixty as a product of prime factors
The blue shape is rotated ninety degrees anticlockwise about negative two two Which shape gives the correct answer
What is the highest common factor of two six and nine
This is a number from the Mayan number system What number is it
Which image completes a symmetric figure using the red line of symmetry
Points P Q and R are equally spaced along the line segment The coordinates of P and R are marked on the diagram What are the coordinates of Q
How many lines of symmetry does this parallelogram have
Using the key on the right which of the following symbols should replace the star in terms of length
If the two dashed lines are parallel what is the size of angle p
Tom and Katie are arguing about distance and coordinates Tom says zero five and two three are equidistant from the origin Katie says four one and negative one four are equidistant from the origin Who is correct
a b and c are different numbers a over b plus c equals a divided by b plus c Is the above relationship always true sometimes true never true or need more information
What number belongs in the box negative two minus negative seven equals
Points P Q and R are equally spaced along the line segment The coordinates of P and R are marked on the diagram What are the coordinates of Q
How many pairs of parallel sides does this shape have
The line segment is one side of a square Which of the following coordinates could be a vertex of the square
What is the difference between the temperature at one pm on Thursday and the temperature at one am on Wednesday
Work out three fourths minus two fifths plus one tenth
Work out: one half minus three quarters times two thirds
In the Indian number system, ten lakh, three thousand and twenty equals
Statement 1: p minus q equals p plus negative q. Statement 2: negative p minus q equals negative q plus negative p. What can you say about the above statements, where p and q represent different numbers?
What is the size of angle p? (Shows a quadrilateral with angles 105 degrees, 130 degrees, 80 degrees, and p degrees)
Jo and Paul are arguing about adding fractions. Jo says eleven sixths plus nine fifths is greater than 3. Paul says eleven sixths plus nine fifths is less than 4. Who is correct?
A shape has an area of 4 cm squared. Its lengths are enlarged by a scale factor of 5. What is the area of the enlarged shape?
What is the perimeter of this shape? (Shows a triangle with base 8 cm and one side 5 cm)
Shape S has been translated to get shape T. Describe how many squares shape S has been moved
25 × 18 = 25 × (2 × star). What should replace the star to make this calculation correct?
17 × 8 - 17 × 3 = 17 × __. What belongs in the gap?
